#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
*The Walkthrough *

== Introduction ==
I will add more here soon

== Preparation ==
*FIRST and MOST IMPORTANT: Back up your phone*

1. Start by downloading one of the iPhone_Today.zip files from the downloads section
  a. When you open the ZIP file you will see many files. There is one dll version, and a bunch that are custom to each type of phone resolution. These versions (non-dll versions) will install the program, the icons and settings files.

  b. If this is an update and you have already installed iPT; Install the dll version. The dll version only installs the updated program. Since you already have the icons and settings files, you do not need to reinstall those

==How To Install==
  1. Copy the iPhone Today cab onto your phone.

  2. On your phone, and navigate to where you placed the cab.

  3. Click the iPhgoneToday.cab file and install it to your phone. *DO NOT INSTALL TO THE STORAGE CARD* 

  4. You will have 2 versions installed; 

    a. the exe version is opened like any program (start menu --> programs --> iPhoneToday.exe) This is full screen mode. It will exit if you press home or end. This works very well with programs that use tabs, like TF3d.

    b. Or you can use iPhoneToday as a today plug-in. Go into "Start --> Settings --> Today --> Today items" and disable all other today plugins except iPhone Today

  5. Use the icon and settings UI managers to add/edit icons (See below for UI instructions)

  6. For advanced functions and the “missing bars” see the next setp